Tier 2 APS Savings Calculator v0.1 (10/29/2016)
Program by Klint Segarra 
Copyright 2016: Regents of the University of California

Program based on the work by Xiao "Shawn" Wang, Michael Klopfer, Ph.D., and G.P. Li, Ph.D.
Developed by the California Plug Load Research Center (CalPlug)
California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology (Calit2)
University of California, Irvine, (UCI) in Irvine, California 
This software is released by its authors under the GNUv3 General Public License

This program is developed in Python 2.7.3  Please use Python 2.7 for comparability: https://www.python.org/download/releases/2.7/



Purpose: This program serves as a calculation engine to estimate the savings of Tier 2 APS.  

Operation: Tested operational values are entered into the program via three CSV files which are generated by 3 Excel 2010 Workbooks.  Either the CSV files can be edited directly or the workbooks can be saved as CSV file types to produce the input files for the calculation engine.  
Program takes in csv 3 files:
	-	datain_listtimes.csv
	-	datain_power.csv  
	-	datain_time.csv
	
+ the power and time csv have a KEY VALUE pairing to denote variable names and power and time values resp. They are stored in dictPowerValues and dictTimeValues which map variable name to value. If you want to change whats entered into the equations you have to use these data structures.

+ Right now running the program gives results to Eqs 5,6,7,8,9 as Im not sure what to which eq results to plug into 12, but 12 is implemented
 
+ EQ 2,3,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12 are the ones implemented use with discretion. Some equations have unused params/args this is on purpose since some of the equations in the doc seem to define more variables than they actually use we can cut that down if needed.